# KNIME-Classification-Project
The goal of this project is to build a model that classifies handwritten images given handwritten images.Two models were built; a binary logistic classifier and multiclass classifier. 
The main aim of the logistic binary classifier is to classify the handwritten images into two classes.THe binary classifier was used to classify the images into the classes "5" and not "not 5".The multiclass classifier is used to classify all digits ranging from 0-9 into 10 different classes.To classify the handwritten images,they were assigned to probabilities,the handwritten image that had its handwritten digits to be 5 were classified under positive probabilities and "not 5" classied under negative probalities i.e(< or > 0).A cross-validation was done on the model to test its accuracy. The accuracy of the binary logistic  model was 96.2%. 
There are two precision and recall values, depending on which is the positive class and which the negative. For the positive class, Precision is 76.1% and recall is 84.4%. Thus, we have a slightly higher recall than precision.
Precision is the measure of how many 5s the model correctly predicted over the amount of correct and incorrect predictions. With a precision of 76.1%, we can state that the model is correct 76.1% of the time.
Recall is the measure of how many 5s the model correctly predicted over the total amount of 5s in the dataset. With a recall of 84.4%, we can state that the model detects 84.4% of the true 5s. 
With the multiclass classifier the models were classified into 10 classes, the overall accuracy of the model was 91.3%
